h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.exe
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.deps.json
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.runtimeconfig.json
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.pdb
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.AssemblyInfo.cs
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario cl.62A551D8.Up2Date
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Mario clone.dll
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.pdb
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\Mario clone.genruntimeconfig.cache
h:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Mario clone.dll
H:\Users\szcze\AppData\Local\Programs\VS Code projects\C#\Raylib\Mario clone\bin\Debug\net8.0\Box2DSharp.dll
